Eminem
Marshall Bruce Mathers III (born October 17, 1972), known professionally as Eminem, is an American rapper, songwriter, record producer, and actor from Detroit, Michigan. In addition to his solo career, he is a member of D12 and (with Royce da 5'9") half of the hip-hop duo Bad Meets Evil. Eminem is the best-selling artist of the 2000s in the United States. Rolling Stone ranked him 83rd on its list of 100 Greatest Artists of All Time, calling him the King of Hip Hop.

Φλωρινιώτης
Ο Γιάννης Αποστολίδης, γνωστός ως Γιάννης Φλωρινιώτης, γεννήθηκε στις 15 Φεβρουαρίου του 1947 στη Φλώρινα. Ξεκίνησε να τραγουδάει σε ηλικία 14 ετών. Αργότερα βρέθηκε στη Θεσσαλονίκη, όπου τραγούδησε δίπλα σε μεγάλους ρεμπέτες, όπως Μάρκος Βαμβακάρης, Γιάννης Παπαϊωάννου, Γιώργος Λούκας, Πρόδρομος Τσαουσάκης, Θεόδωρος Πολυκανδριώτης και με τη Ρίτα Σακελλαρίου. Το 1970-71, έρχεται για πρώτη φορά στην Αθήνα. Δουλεύει σε διάφορα κέντρα, τραγουδώντας χορεύοντας και ντυμένος εκκεντρικά. Όπου εμφανίζεται έχει μεγάλη επιτυχία, αλλά δέχεται και σκληρή κριτική. Στη δισκογραφία, κάνει την πρώτη του εμφάνιση με το άλμπουμ "Τώρα Θέλω Τώρα", που αμέσως γίνεται χρυσό.

Justin Timberlake
Justin Randall Timberlake (born January 31, 1981) is an American singer, songwriter, actor, and record producer. He appeared on the television shows Star Search and The All-New Mickey Mouse Club as a child. In the late 1990s, Timberlake rose to prominence as one of the two lead vocalists and youngest member of NSYNC, which eventually became one of the best-selling boy bands of all time. During the group's hiatus, Timberlake released his debut studio album Justified (2002), which included the successful singles "Cry Me a River" and "Rock Your Body", and earned his first two Grammy Awards.

Accept
Accept is a German heavy metal band from the town of Solingen, originally assembled by former vocalist Udo Dirkschneider, guitarist Wolf Hoffmann and bassist Peter Baltes. Their beginnings can be traced back to the late 1960s. The band played an important role in the development of speed and thrash metal, being part of the German heavy metal scene, which emerged in the early to mid-1980s. Accept achieved commercial success with their fifth studio album Balls to the Wall (1983), which is the band's only album to be certified gold in the United States and Canada, and spawned their well-known hit "Balls to the Wall".

Iron Maiden
Iron Maiden are an English heavy metal band formed in Leyton, east London, in 1975 by bassist and primary songwriter Steve Harris. The band's discography has grown to thirty-eight albums, including sixteen studio albums, eleven live albums, four EPs, and seven compilations.


